The old woman can't just enter
Let me in!
This is the Xu Group
Can you get in casually, an old woman?
Go quickly
Are you alright, granddaughter-in-law?
You came, you got the wrong person
I'm not your granddaughter-in-law
The old woman is delirious
crazy
You ignore him
Old man, who are you looking for?
My wife went to find Xu
Talk about marriage?
I also sneaked over to take a look
The old man looks pampered
It's not like a lunatic said it might be true
Old man, let me take you in to see Chairperson Xu
Go
Xu Dong is not just a madman who meets casually
If you make a claim here
At your own risk
Don't worry, I will bear any consequences alone.
And you two, as Xu Shi's security
It represents the image of Xu Shi
Respecting the old and loving the young is the minimum virtue
All the things you did today
Will truthfully not report the security
Here we go.
Chairperson Xu, this old man has something to do with you
Hey granny
Why did you come with me?
Jiang Yining, why are you with Mrs. Gu?
I didn't expect it to be Gu Yunting's grandmother.
Madam Xu Dong
He was stopped by security at the door just now
I happened to come across it and brought it here
Nice work.
This is the granddaughter-in-law Yun Yunting mentioned.
So handsome
Grandma, I am your granddaughter-in-law
Yunting and I are getting engaged to our wives
This is the granddaughter-in-law mentioned by Yunting.
Ah, daughter-in-law, you two
Oh, it looks like it.
Grandma, what nonsense are you talking about?